23/9/24
    will make the homepage. make it responsive later.
    homepage will have 3 sections to choose how the recommendations will be made. one way by selecting a couple of movies. 2nd by genre. 3rd by searching for a movie, a single movie
    the part where you select a couple of movies, the movies will be random.

    starting with code now. will push this to master now and then create a branch for homepage. need to change the readme file before commit.
    created a new branch homepage.
    will create two files: header and homepage
    header done. satisifed for now. will make design and color changes later.

    need to add a background color to whole page. will add it in app.css. and then start working on the homepage file.
    having some problem with the header margin. if I add margin top to the header, it adds the margin to the whole body?
    for now will add the margin-top as 0 and continue with other things.

    adding display flex to the app fixed the issue.

    alright. now will work on the homepage. all the styling, will fix it when I feel like.

    completed the basic homepage for movies by selection.
25/9/24
    will continue to make the recc by select part and finish it.
    need to maintain the state in the parent component, pass a function to update the state to the child component
    add a button to make an API call.
    start another branch just to make merge conflict.

    fixed some styles. will work on the state now.
    completed the state. now only storing the movie ID. need to store the genre as an array of 5 elements. will work on it after break.
26/9/24
    things to complete today:
        store the genre array after selecting movies
        make the button to make the api call
        start a new branch for recommendation by selecting the genre from drop down, just to have a merge conflict
        resolve the conflict
    
    will start with storing the genre array for making the api call.
    made the genre array. need to reduce it so it only has 5 elements ranked based on the count of their occurence in the genre array.
    made it. need to go through the code again. is thriller a genre? if so, is feel good a genre? no. will keep thriller as a genre for now.

    thinking of only sending the movie IDs to the backend.
    will work on the button for the API call now.
    done with the button. fixed the styles too.

    have to commit the changes to the branch before creating the new branch.
    committed. made a new branch. merged old branch with master. good so far.
27/9/24
    will work on the new branch and then merge.
    things to do:
        learn about git merge and merge conflicts
        in the new branch, create UI for rec by dropdown
        resolve conflict

    learnt about merge and conflict. merged the recbydropdown branch with main. resolved the merge conflict.

    after these lines //after merge.

    deleted the branches from github. didnt even give me a confirmation?

    will start with UI for the dropdowns now. started with dropdowns. did some styling. need to think about labels, selected, button, error message. will work on it after the break.
28/9/24
    things to do:
        fix UI for dropdowns little bit
        error message
        add modal for selection
    
    fixed the ui. made the functions for onchange and API call.
    one div for error message and then need to add a modal. tomorrow?
29/9/24
    things to do:
        error message add
        add modal
        start with search - do UI
        check APIs on IMDB
        add 10 more movies in DB

    started with the error message. added the modal. will make it right tomorrow.
30/9/24
    added 10 more movies in DB. adding them in the dummy array. done.
    things to do:
        fix modal
        search part, new branch? no
        IMDB apis will search tomorrow.
    will take a break now.
1/10/24
    starting.